# AdlBlockchain Minutes 11/6/2018

#### Attendees: Paul Pounendis, Jack Moran, Lucas Sargent, Ruslan Mugalimov, Barbare Vrettos, Alex Bagent, Ivan Seares Nunes. 
## Scheduling  
### Meeting times
* Sundays – 3-5:00pm new meeting time. (Bi-weekly for now.)  
## GitHub    
### Members need to be owners before inviting people.
*	Owners can invite members.
*	Members are not part of the organisation.  
-Members can still contribute
## Sponsorship details/The Adelaide Blockchain Company.
###	Focusing on projects
###	Non-for profit?
*	As long as wages are not being paid to members the company is considered non-for-profit
*	Adept for Blockchain – Train students, provide them with contacts, provide different opportunities for differently abled students. 
*	Speak to WanChain about intricacies of contract. We don’t want an exchange of goods as that will be seen as for-profit. 
###	10k sponsorship removed
*	Should be more about fitting the cost. 
*	Keeping limits realistic to show that we HAVE accomplished what we have set out to do. 
*	Costs will be variable
*	12 month rolling window, 12 month contract with monthly payments? 
*	Maybe better from our perspective to be payed upfront.
###	Currency type
*	Coins  
-Doesn’t really tie in to non-for-profit
*	Fiat  
-We will be going with AUD. 
###	Companies will pay students for their time
*	Students will be paid like contractors.
*	We remain as a third party. 
## Blockathon
###	Sponsorship for Blockathon event
*	Depends on magnitude, closer to the NASA example that Lucas provided 
###	Two and a half day event
*	Want to build a strong community by the end of the year. 
*	Skill levels
*	Open events, doesn’t have to be student only participation
###	Next two months
*	Work out some logistics
*	Management  
-Team of 4
*	Next month a KODA hackathon event will be occurring, we should jump on to get a feel for how these events work.
*	Not limited to comp sci. students  
-Come and hack ideas, not necessarily code.
## Project work
###	Maltem Consulting
*	People to work on a project.
*	Get an outline of what the project is.
*	At this point it’s just the board
###	Moonshine Labs 
*	TBD
###	Adelaide Entrepreneurship Society
*	App development thing to promote within our network.
## Events
###	ECIC
*	Courses available for students
*	Facilitate information and skillset
###	ERC20 token
*	Potential for fun
###	Meetups
*	Platform dedicated to events
*	General public focus
* Merge talk events and meetups together. 
## Delegation
###	Legal 
* Barb
###	Events 
* Jack
###	Administration 
* Ruslan
###	External Liason 
* Paul
###	Proactive Creation 
* Lucas
###	Content 
* Ivan
###	Development Projects/ Code (Leave for now)
